hi to all forever so we are not here with samsung galaxy s2 now let's see
how it behaves in management.
of the infamous eighty-year-old of you then those problem that manifests itself there
causing the telephone signal to be lost completely
and now he loves me by turning phone as you can see in full with
our hands things to see yes the telephone signal is maintained
he gets lost
obviously text we will last about 3 minutes
also because going further would not have particular six sepe become boring
also for us to stay in this position
as you can see we are about halfway through the initial telephone field
now we are treated to 4
we will continue coleman testing this position for another couple of minutes
then we'll see
you are and you cannot. continue with the use of the telephone or the
signal the fans. link
the fact of having themes a connection to the operator network allows you
obviously to make phone calls and send messages to receive e-mail messages and
whatever
there are even more expensive phones. of this sanson that have the defect
finally that you go sideways in some strange way I'm going to get
just the connection
specifically we consider prataccio 4
indicator can be found at the top right of the galaxy s2 screen
we will continue to be in this position for another minute after
which we abandon and this text is
being
the behavior so far has kept from this galaxy s2 to seem that finally
it's all right
here niece castravelli substance a little as she likes this phone so much vi
door anyway
to make phone calls and send messages 1110
the fact of having such a good signal so good signal retention
precise telephone presses
involves the fact that even the moments when you find yourself with a poor marine
telephone field can happen kg subscribers in the cellar
and in the mountains heroes still allows you to preserve the possibility
to make phone calls for example if you need to make an emergency call
very important thing to do with simple mail handling
the witness I would say we can do it so I don't think there's anything else
necessary to show you the test and therefore it is absolutely passed
as you can see and most of the time to kill we were treated on 420 4 up
galaxy s2 therefore exceeds for this text is my name not to lose for all
& 3
in a more brilliant way and therefore your state much to manage for
example
a significant amount of sms the most arrived argentina we made a
video
and that they called me reel sense theme for we can continue to
use it even in conditions not exactly of bari as we have just
finished demonstrating
now it's really all about the avast and diversity invitation at come back with the
depending on the name of vittorio he writes in the Balkans a member who is motivated for you
we are on twitter-facebook of removal
easy contact system with us
but above all you remain easily updated on all of them
used new viterbo
so now truly all though holy. cars see you soon online diet
of proteins